a lot of the theatrics by the time you
see this I will be back in Brisbane this
is unfortunately an ISS wrap up why
because internet has failed in both
locations of where I was meant to upload
the video I'm very sorry there's nothing
I could have done about that I did
promise a Harley Quinn
question-and-answer thingamajig I've got
something even better I've got to alter
ego on camera Elise Archer hope you
enjoy yourself goodbye it's a music
thing
yeah hello Beatrice and welcome to the
questionnaire with miss ELISA author who
if you don't know her personally you've
never seen no without white Bruce paint
a mask and then tighten skin before so
this is this release out how I really
good thank you okay so I have some
questions for you and I'm going to be
quite as quick as possible I am NOT
talking sense right now so I'm just
going to get to the questions do you
think you'll have to stop comfort ah
look at possible I suppose but um it's
not on the agenda for the foreseeable
future the wind was really loud so we
had to change occasion buddy Jimmy with
the question to clarify this question
there are two hyenas the Harlequin the
Jirga are called blue and bud and you
asked by a formspring blue and butter do
you prefer you pick blue why did you
pick blue oh geez I wasn't actually
thinking of the hyenas I was thinking
about bud abbott and leukocyte and just
as the personal preference I like
Costello a little bit that next question
fan fiction how does it work with you
and are there any plans for you to come
to the US this year I with fan fiction
I'm some on main passions joker and
harley as a couple there's a
relationship so I like to think about
what kind of things do I want to see
play out between them and everyday life
kind of inspires me and a lot of the
time for me I'm thinking about like what
kind of themes or aspects of the
relationship that I want to see depicted
and when I write it tends to like kind
of just burst from me like projectile
vomit um where I just move and it just
goes and comes and comes and comes it
comes in comes he comes okay as the
plans of the u.s. really depends on
money so we'll see um ideally i'll be
able
san diego comic-con New York Comic Con
and Dragon Con in an ideal world but
we'll see if any of that happens next
question what is Holly's holiday photo
shoot going to happen it's happened you
can check the photos on my TV and on in
my facebook photo section or my henchman
net web site next question is there
anything you won't do to express your
love for Harley I won't kill anyone ah
maybe maybe they're bad person if you
got the chance to join the circular saw
they would you do it and leave
everything behind user yes what what was
your favorite Holly Kremlin um look
there's a lot of really great moments
but I guess my favorite is in Holly and
Ivy number three hooray for Hollywood
where she risks off William Shatner and
I be correct sir on something and she
goes down traumatic it seconds me what
is your favorite and least favorite
thing about cosplay well my favorite
thing is just basically being Harley for
a little while my least favorite thing
is probably just um witnessing the kind
of bullying tactics and elitism and
stuff that happens in conspire with
people dissing each other on how they
look or what size their body shape is or
how good their cosplayers they really
feel like cosplay is something that
should be accessible to everyone and
enjoyed by everyone but you know like
I've been really lucky to meet so many
amazing people through cosplay who are
really good friends to me um and so you
know you just you learn to avoid those
people and just hang out with the cool
ones I don't know man it called so I'm
gonna sing it like this watch your
favorite inspiration for your cosplays
what is it it's Harley you know it's
just basically Harley thinking about
what Holly wear or seeing a costume
he's born in the coming and just going I
want to do that it's just basically
Harley everything she is everything she
stands for better question would you
consider coming to London comic and film
con at any point and hosting a highly
Palooza yes that yeah I absolutely would
only you know i get i get asked almost
every single day of what i consider
going to this comic con this comic con
this comic con the answer to all of them
is yes absolutely the only thing that
holds me back is finances if i get the
money together at some stage in the
future count on seeing me there if
anyone wants to sponsor me let's talk
and I have one final thing to ask you
apparently you run this little fan club
on facebook like a like it's not your
rights for this do that I know but it's
like John Sullivan yeah is that it I
think haha shadowing the good thing do
go into facebook and just look up Jack
O'Brien fan club I'm one of the admins
if you join it's my personal guarantee
that if you come up to me at a
convention or anything and say I love
Jack O'Brien and give you a big kiss on
the cheek hello didn't expect that yes
indeed haha see you later thanks for
having me on your channel jack yeah
you're welcome Margaret um which was
Holly ik